WHAT WORK DOES REPSOL DEVELOP?
At Repsol, we are present throughout the entire energy value chain.
Repsol transforms crude oil and various alternative raw materials (urban, forestry, agricultural and agri-food industry waste) into value-added products, such as fuels, sustainable biofuels (hydrobiodiesel, biogas, biojet...) and carbon-neutral materials.
It contracts engineering and construction services, as well as numerous maintenance services.
Repsol produces and markets a wide variety of petrochemical products, which are used to manufacture everyday objects that improve the quality of life, well-being and safety of people and are found in almost all of them Management Report | Our Company P20 P21 of the industrial segments.
It contracts engineering and construction services, as well as numerous maintenance, operational logistics, transportation and distribution services.
Repsol distributes and markets liquefied petroleum gas in Spain, Portugal and France. It does so in different formats: packaged, bulk and AutoGas.
Distribution fleet maintenance: purchase and maintenance of gas containers (cylinders) and maintenance services for LPG factories.
Repsol has low-emission electricity generation projects (hydroelectric plants, combined cycles, cogeneration plants, wind and photovoltaic parks) and is building new renewable assets to increase its capacity.
Repsol supplies low-emission gas and electricity in Spain, and offers its clients cutting-edge digital solutions, such as self-consumption (Solify) and distributed generation (Solmatch).
Repsol develops, produces and markets lubricants, petroleum-derived specialties and bitumen for asphalt in more than 90 countries.
Agreements with producers around the world, contracting engineering, logistics, transportation and distribution services.
The hydrocarbons produced are transported to supply raw materials to Repsol refineries or are sold in international markets.
Maintenance of oil and gas pipelines and contracting of oil and butane tankers.
Repsol extracts the hydrocarbons from the field to market them. In addition, maintenance, control and transportation tasks are carried out, following the same sustainability and safety policies as in previous phases.
Wells are drilled, collection systems and processing plants and evacuation and transportation systems are built, always under sustainability, security and transparency policies that guarantee the proper development of the project.
After the acquisition of a new mining domain, Repsol carries out geology and geophysics work, environmental impact studies and exploratory surveys to evaluate its potential, a process in which the latest digital technologies are applied in the analysis of information.
You need geology services and seismic data, as well as onshore and offshore drilling services.
Repsol markets natural gas in North America, where it has an LNG regasification plant in Canada. In addition, it markets LNG and natural gas to wholesale customers in Spain.
WHAT IS REPSOL'S BUSINESS MODEL LIKE?
We have an integrated business model that ranges from the exploration and production of oil and gas, to the marketing of energy solutions for the home and mobility.

WHAT SUSTAINABLE PROJECTS MAKE US PROUD?
We promote innovative projects that help us evolve in a safe, competitive and sustainable way:
- Waylet has more than five million registered users and allows payment at our network of service stations.
- Compensation of emissions from your fuel and gas: learn how, through our applications, you can offset the CO2 emissions from your fuel consumption and the gas in your home.
- Renewable hydrogen as an energy source: development of technologies for the production of hydrogen with a low carbon footprint to continue advancing in the energy transition.
- Incorporation of renewable assets in Chile: we advance our expansion in renewable energies with the signing of an agreement with the Ibereólica Renovables Group.
- Advanced low-emission biofuels: We will build the first plant in Spain for the production of advanced low-emission biofuels.
- 1.5 million electricity and gas customers: We enter the electricity market with low-emission generation assets and renewable energy.
- First ultra-fast charging point: Possibility of recharging electric vehicles that can support their power in a time of between five and ten minutes.
-Delta wind project, clean energy: Generation of electricity from wind sources with the connection to the grid of Delta's first wind turbines, located in Aragon.
- We launched Solmatch, the first solar community in Spain: Solmatch brings energy generation closer to the point of consumption through the design of solar communities in urban centers.
- We have solar photovoltaic, hydraulic, wind and offshore wind energy projects.
- We help you make the energy consumption of your home or business more efficient.

WHAT IS OUR WAYLET INITIATIVE?
The Zero Net Emissions Commitment initiative is managed through our innovative Waylet and Vivit applications. In this way, every time a customer refuels at one of our more than 3,400 service stations and makes payment through the Waylet application, they will have the option of offsetting 100% of the CO2 emissions from the consumption of that fuel. voluntarily, through collaboration in forestry projects.
WHAT DOES REPSOL DO TO ACHIEVE SUSTAINABLE MOBILITY?
To promote more sustainable mobility, Repsol leads the development of more efficient fuels, the supply of alternative solutions such as AutoGas or Vehicular Natural Gas and the commitment to electric charging and shared mobility through Wible, all with the focus focused on providing the best attention and service to its customers through the Waylet application.


WHAT DOES REPSOL DO TO FIGHT CLIMATE CHANGE?
The fight against climate change is in our DNA, which is why we were the first company in our sector to set the goal of being net zero emissions by 2050. To achieve this, at Repsol we are transforming our activity, developing innovative projects related to the circular economy , renewable fuels, hydrogen, CO2 capture and storage or different types of renewable energies.

WHAT HAPPENS TO THE GREENHOUSE EFFECT?
The main cause of climate change is the greenhouse effect. Certain gases present in the atmosphere retain part of the thermal radiation emitted by the Earth's surface, causing global warming.
Many of these greenhouse gases are present naturally; However, human activity has caused the concentration of some of them in the atmosphere to increase, especially carbon dioxide (CO₂). The objective of the energy transition is to transform the energy system by promoting renewable energy, the circular economy and other forms of emissions reduction.







HOW DOES THE ENERGY TRANSITION EMERGE?
In 2015, all countries reached a historic agreement to combat climate change, the Paris Agreement. The application of this agreement requires an energy transition towards a more sustainable model, based on the circular economy, energy efficiency, the integration of renewable energies, the use of ecofuels and the electrification of mobility.
At Repsol we were the first energy company to step forward and take on this challenge, including the Zero Net Emissions Commitment in 2050 in our new Strategic Plan 2021-2025.

WHAT IS THE ENERGY TRANSITION?
The energy transition is the set of changes in the production, distribution and consumption models of energy to avoid greenhouse gas emissions.

WHAT IS THE TRILEMMA OF THE ENERGY TRANSITION?
To achieve this energy transition it is necessary to address:
- Decarbonization.
- Development of energy alternatives that meet current well-being.
- Cost efficiency.

WHAT DO WE TAKE INTO ACCOUNT FOR THIS ENERGY TRANSITION?
In this energy transition, we are launching a transformation that is committed to digitalization, innovation, talent and increasingly flexible and entrepreneurial ways of working.
The client is and will be the protagonist of all our activity. We create positive experiences for our customers, offering them multi-energy and new solutions for the home and mobility.
We will lead the decarbonization of the industry, betting on renewable energies and solutions designed for efficient energy consumption, using all available technologies.

WHAT DOES THE ENERGY TRANSITION INVOLVE?
This movement of society towards 0 CO2 emissions involves raising awareness about the responsible and sustainable consumption of energy, as well as establishing energy efficiency guidelines through the electrification and digitalization of all processes and sectors of the economy.
Furthermore, the change towards a more sustainable and decarbonized energy production model does not consist of the abandonment of fossil sources, essential in areas as relevant as air transport or the naval industry. The actions included in the energy transition are:
- Promote sustainable mobility in all areas, but especially in the private sector.
- Establish aid and support for the industrial sector to advance the energy transition.
- Promote responsible consumption and a more sustainable diet, less dependent on intensive livestock farming and agriculture.
- Promote new technological developments related to carbon capture, use and storage (CCUS), as well as the so-called Nature-Based Solutions (NBS)
- Develop R&D projects focused on the creation of new low-carbon businesses.
- Promote the collaborative economy with initiatives such as Wible, Repsol's carsharing.
- Promote a building rehabilitation plan to reduce emissions, supported by the use of clean energy such as solar energy, hydraulic energy, wind energy or Repsol's latest initiative, geothermal energy.
- Promote low-carbon electricity generation and promote the electrification of the main sectors of the economy, thus promoting the reduction of the carbon footprint of companies and society.

In our case, to achieve the final objective we have a demanding roadmap with intermediate objectives.

WHAT BUSINESS HAVE BEEN TAKEN TO ACCELERATE THE ENERGY TRANSITION?
We evolved our organization by deploying four business platforms to accelerate the energy transition that ensure profitability and maximum value for our shareholders.
Upstream: Flexibility, efficiency, innovation and high technological level. Focus on the decarbonization of the portfolio and cash generation.
Industrial: Transformation towards multi-energy hubs capable of generating products with a low, zero or even negative carbon footprint.
Customer: New business unit to lead the multi-energy offering, focused on the customer, with an exclusive value proposition and competitive advantages.
Low emissions businesses: Growth of the project portfolio in Spain and development of new assets in international markets to become a global operator.

- ((((For Repsol, the customer is at the center of our strategy, which is why our objective is to satisfy any energy need of consumers in the home and mobility. We are increasing the weight of low-emission energies in our offer , while we rely on digitalization to develop new commercial channels and products, which allow us to establish a more personalized relationship with our clients.)))

WHAT ADVANCES IS FACILITATING THE ENERGY TRANSITION?
The energy transition is going to be our great ally for decarbonization, little by little we see how new energy vectors emerge, such as renewable hydrogen or increasingly sustainable fuels, such as synthetic fuels or biofuels. All of this is possible thanks to the increasing role of renewable energies in the energy mix, without leaving aside the greater presence of natural gas compared to oil.



WHAT ARE THE ENVIRONMENTAL BENEFITS OF THE ENERGY TRANSITION?
Reduction of the greenhouse effect: By adopting renewable energy sources, the emission of greenhouse gases is reduced, thus contributing to combating climate change.
Energy Security: Dependence on imported fossil fuels can be risky. Renewable energies, such as solar and wind, allow countries to depend less imports and have a more stable and secure energy supply.
Sustainability: Unlike fossil fuels which are finite, renewable energy sources are inexhaustible on human scales.
Improving air quality: Aside from carbon emissions, fossil fuels can release other pollutants that affect air and water quality. Renewable energies generate fewer pollutants.


WHAT ARE THE SOCIAL BENEFITS OF THE ENERGY TRANSITION?
Economic Development: The energy transition can generate jobs in renewable energy industries, from research and development to construction and maintenance.
Technological Innovation: The energy transition drives research and development of clean and efficient technologies.
Resilience: Energy networks based on multiple renewable sources can be more efficient in the face of extreme events or interruptions.
Compliance with International Agreements: Many countries have signed agreements to reduce carbon emissions. The energy transition is key to achieving these objectives.
Improved Public Health: By reducing air and water pollution, a decrease in respiratory diseases and other related health problems can be expected.
Energy Diversification: Offers countries the opportunity to diversify their energy mix, reducing dependence on a single source.


WHAT HAPPENS TO THE GREENHOUSE EFFECT?
The main cause of climate change is the greenhouse effect. Certain gases present in the atmosphere retain part of the thermal radiation emitted by the Earth's surface, causing global warming.
Many of these greenhouse gases are present naturally; However, human activity has caused the concentration of some of them in the atmosphere to increase, especially carbon dioxide (CO₂). The objective of the energy transition is to transform the energy system by promoting renewable energy, the circular economy and other forms of emissions reduction.

          
WHY HAS THIS ENERGY TRANSITION PLAN COME UP?
In recent decades, global warming, a consequence mainly of the emission of greenhouse gases, has gone from being a threat to becoming a reality that we must all face together. Fortunately, both companies and organizations as well as society have become aware of this, and important progress is being made to reverse this situation. Therefore, the future involves achieving a more sustainable economy, and decarbonization will play a fundamental role in achieving this; it will be the objective of our energy transition.

WHAT IS DECARBONIZATION?
Decarbonization is a progressive process of reducing our carbon emissions into the atmosphere. These emissions, mainly carbon dioxide, are a consequence of human activity and the way we produce our energy, as well as intensive livestock farming and agriculture. If we manage to reduce these emissions and reach the so-called net zero emissions, we will be taking a very important step in the fight against global warming.

HOW CAN WE HELP ACHIEVE DECARBONIZATION?
To achieve carbon neutrality, the involvement of society, governments and large companies is of vital importance. Both government policies that make a low-carbon economy a reality and initiatives to promote innovation and sustainable development are necessary. All this without forgetting that all energies, especially clean and renewable ones, play an important role in the aforementioned energy transition and that the principle of technological neutrality must prevail.
Luckily, there are many sectors from which to promote efficient decarbonization. Fiscal, residential, industrial or transportation measures are just a few examples. Together we can achieve a progressive reduction of CO2 emissions. These are some keys to achieving carbon neutrality.

HOW ARE WE WORKING TOWARDS DECARBONIZATION?
The low-carbon generation business is one of the pillars of our strategy to be a net zero emissions company in 2050. We have 12 hydroelectric plants, 2 gas combined cycles and 1 wind farm; And in addition, we are developing five renewable projects: two wind and three photovoltaic. Thus, we plan to continue our international expansion to become a global operator, with a generation capacity of 6 GW in 2025 and 20 GW in 2030.

WHAT IS REPSOL'S COMMITMENT TO DECARBONIZATION?
At Repsol we firmly believe that large companies must integrate a net zero emissions policy into their business strategies, thus eliminating dependence on carbon. The route to Decarbonization is the best opportunity to continue growing, which is why we defend a model that combines several technological options, such as ecofuels or the use of products with a low or zero carbon footprint.
From betting on accessible, affordable and low-carbon energy, to investing in projects and technologies focused on the energy transition, all the initiatives in which we participate are aligned with compliance with the objectives of the Paris Pact.
Below, you can learn about the five levers on which we base our strategy to reduce carbon intensity:
1. Promotion of energy efficiency in our operations and facilities
2. Transformation of the hydrocarbon Exploration and Production portfolio.
3.Production of low-carbon fuels aimed at the circular economy, such as new biofuels.
4.Low carbon electricity generation, investing in wind and solar generation.
5.Promotion of carbon capture, use and storage technologies.


WHAT IS THE CARBON INTENSITY INDICATOR?
In order to achieve net zero emissions by 2050, we have developed a Carbon Intensity Indicator (CII), expressed as g CO2eq/MJ (CO2 emissions for each unit of energy we put at the service of society).
This indicator allows us to define reduction objectives, support strategic and investment decision-making and monitor their evolution.

WHAT IS THE PATH TO DECARBONIZATION?
In short, on Low Carbon Day we announced an increase in our objectives, promising to reduce carbon intensity by 15% by 2025, 28% by 2030 and 55% by 2040, compared to 12%, 25% and 50%. , respectively, previously set.
In detail, our steps towards zero emissions in 2050 are:
- 30% reduction by 2030 of net emissions of scope 1, 2 and 3 compared to 2016.
- 55% reduction by 2030 of scope 1 and 2 emissions in operated assets compared to 2016.
- 20 GW of renewable generation capacity as a target in 2030 and 6 GW in 2025.
- 2 million tons of advanced biofuel production capacity in 2030 and 1.3 Mt in 2025.
- 1.9 GWeq of net renewable hydrogen capacity in 2030 and 0.55 GWeq in 2025.
- 75% reduction in the carbon intensity of the E&P operated in t CO2/kboe in 2025 compared to 2016.
- 85% reduction in methane emissions intensity by 2025 compared to 2017, and reached a value of 0.2% in operated assets.

WHAT ARE SUSTAINABILITY PLANS?
The Sustainability Plans establish the medium-term objectives and the annual lines of action for each of the axes of the Sustainability Model. We act around the 6 axes of our model: climate change, environment, personnel, safe operation, ethics and transparency, and innovation and technology.
In addition, we make available all information about our activities and our plans to contribute to sustainable development.

HOW TO PROTECT BIODIVERSITY?
Protecting biodiversity is essential for the healthy functioning of our planet. In our case:
- We are committed to not operating in sensitive areas
- We care about avoiding and minimizing impacts on biodiversity and the resources it provides us.
- We have adopted a differentiating approach to quantify and value natural capital from an economic point of view.
In addition, we actively join international initiatives aimed at deploying sustainability principles. Our presence in sustainability indices is an indicator of the quality of management and governance of our company. We are one of the energy companies with the highest percentage of socially responsible investors.

WHAT ARE THE ALLIANCES LIKE IN REPSOL?
We join forces at the international level through alliances to successfully advance sustainable development.